another question back in his stream here
you have any quick tips for somebody
who's thinking of launching their first
YouTube yeah so if you haven't started
the creation process and you're just
like I got this idea I would search
YouTube and see what kind of resources
are available on YouTube if there is a
single video or two videos that
completely covers what you and probably
cover I'm sorry you're probably trading
over ground that's been well-worn so if
you know if there's 500 results and each
of them cover a minute or two of what
you would cover but not not in one can
to coherent form go ahead right so
that's 11 tip is like whatever it is you
want to teach if there's a free version
that is complete that is popular that
has 20,000 views
you've probably that gold has been dug
his Amazon Kindle ifile Amazon Kindle is
a much more mature market there's a
think there's more than shoot I'm gonna
see four million Kindle books in Amazon
right now maybe it's ten million anyway
there's there's multi-millions Kindle
books and there's 30,000 unique courses
and so yeah you there's romance and
action and you can probably cut away a
lot of those millions but there are
still many more Kindle books on topics
that might be W me then there are unique
courses so start digging around the top
100 top 200 top 500 list of Amazon and
you might find some good topics
Jeremy s about if you've ever used John
colleagues on the scope information to
do course research curse search john
colleagues had a course about a year ago
I took in August August of last year I
watched one of his courses
I it was introducing I'm disco and it
was interesting that visualizations
I know he just launched I mean he's a
co-winner of the Black Friday challenge
and his courses on these these searching
you know me I'm not I will I haven't
really looked at it it's a no I am I'm
yeah no comment and let see Tony wanted
to know about again this is the research
eg number of searches that you look for
to decide whether something is going to
be so you know me doesn't release
information if you can believe it I
emailed Lindsay a year ago and I said
Lindsay how many people are searching
told us and she told right but I then
you know some months ago I emailed her
again is that how many people are
searching this is because we don't
release that anymore so they used to
release the search data and then now
they don't so you only have these proxy
information in terms of how people are
actually searching this is why I like
the Amazon top 100 top 200 you can see
they call it be a star which is the
sales reading so you do see you wear
those topics are selling on Amazon
that's a good proxy you can also look at
the competition so we didn't really talk
about competitive analysis too much with
the new enemy but if there are like I
was talking about how to make money on
unique courses you know I think I
searched Excel like like Excel is a
topic and it's one of the most popular
topics on you know me but there's over
400 courses they search for Excel
that to me is just like you know so I
would I would look not for searches but
I will look at competitors if there's no
competitors or there's competitors but
they only have 10 20 40 students that's
not a great sign so there's courses
there but nobody's buying them but if
there's too many competitors it's magic
in between so that the best way to
answer the question we know when you're
talking on the web searches if you did
something like what is good post too old
now
planner
keyword planner I would see I prefer to
look trans to give a key where planner
over keyword planner is good for when
you've already got the topic in mind and
you're just trying to find the key words
do I call it you know
installing Wordpress or do I call it
were present situation you want to
compare against B&C which is the better
term Google
planner but if you wanna see over time
that the topic is growing or the topic
is popular and is maintained in
popularity go to Google Trends if you
want to see that the topic is like a one
out of a hundred and no one's looking
for it that's my advice for me it's got
we're in seven minutes till you
mentioned there is other stuff was there
anything you wanted to throw out there
and talk about some more SEO stuff I
know where it the first day
of Black Friday here and you know you
know in a way you would have had to
really started a couple of weeks ago to
three weeks ago to get your course like
like pumping air in a basket a little
early to be in that that beneficial
position but it's not too late as we
still have you know ten days left in the
sale and then there's the cyber monday
sale at me so we can talk a little bit
about SEO stuff so I just like the main
people the main way that people find
courses so they're getting their
directed by Udinese marketing to the Uni
home page and then they're like what do
you want to learn I want to learn I keep
coming back to WordPress WordPress I
want to learn you know Photoshop and
they'll enter that word into the keyword
search box so the first thing you need
to really know is that those people are
using so if you put your twitter has
from instructor to student if your
student and you're like I have a problem
and i'm looking for a solution and they
go online and on you know me and I like
you know how how to get to the top of
Google or how to like there's they've
got some words that they like to use
find out where your course ranks in
there so I I would actually when I first
heard of my enemy SEO course I was
talking to a guy who had a photography
course and his courses called how to be
a photographer I was the name of the
course how to be a photographer and I
said well your courses on photography
right yeah but you're not using the word
photography right so that's like my
first thing he's on page 84 photography
and I know you're not use the word so I
really like how to be photographer
that's my
my brand that's what I love well I don't
know if people are searching
photographer in the universe just
relatively photography would be higher
search and he eventually did change it
took about a month after I told them to
you finally changed it anywhere from
page to page 2 he he may be among the
top of page one by now but he really now
I never got a thing but anyways he liked
resisted so think about the words that
people use to find your course and if
your courses not rating highly for those
words
well unfortunately I use those words
more lets you know if you don't use them
at all then that's your problem that's
one questions around a CEO or are
getting higher rankings and you know me
that people have similar names similar
names whether you're going to be there
and actually is taken some strategies
because they played out about how
Udinese scores relevance algorithm that
uses so they can count of the number of
words that you and how many times they
keep it appears it strips out things
like that and you know some of those
things but so is there you could search
for you know I don't even know what I
would do it live but you could search
for a topic and the number one course
like if you search for ILS the number
one course is how to develop 14 iOS apps
details inside like the title match
takes up the full length so obviously
rub personal number one spy not just by
keywords alone like the fact that he
sells more courses in a day
day than most people sell in the whole
month he's gotta be higher ranking
factor for him and that gets into the
top so it's not just how much time you
can say iOS iOS gonna be number one
because the number one has something you
don't which is you know so that's that's
part of it is is the key words if you
don't have the key words then you're not
going to appear in the top of that
search so that's like you have to have
the right words the length isn't is a
factor if you're struggling in search I
would shorten your title make it murky
and shorter if you are doing well in
search of course I don't just come right
become an enterprise a Certified
Enterprise Architect
TOGAF 9.1 part 1 I've maximize the
length of the title and a number one
number one and two so what's your number
one and once you're near the top you can
just use your title to the full extent
but if you're struggling and you're on
page 64 quartet